chore: Updated documentation for XCFramework support (#3386)
aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios: README.md

You should use ONE and only one of these ways to import the AWS Mobile SDK. Importing the SDK in multiple ways loads duplicate copies of the SDK into the project and causes compiler/linker errors.

> > Note: If you are using XCFramework using Carthage or Dynamic Frameworks, `AWSMobileClient` is named as `AWSMobileClientXCF`. Import `AWSMobileClient` as this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you are using XCFrameworks (i.e., either Carthage or Dynamic Frameworks), the module `AWSMobileClient` is named as `AWSMobileClientXCF` to work around a [Swift issue](https://bugs.swift.org/browse/SR-11704). To use `AWSMobileClient`, import it as:
```

        
        import AWSMobileClientXCF

> and use the it inside without the `XCF` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use it your app code without the `XCF` suffix.
```

### Carthage

> Carthage support XCFrameworks for XCode 12 or above follow the steps below to build a platform-independent xcframeworks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carthage support XCFrameworks for Xcode 12 or above. Follow the steps below to consume the AWS SDK for iOS using XCFrameworks:
```

> Carthage support XCFrameworks for Xcode 12 or above. Follow the steps below to consume the AWS SDK for iOS using XCFrameworks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### XCFrameworks (recommended)

Carthage supports XCFrameworks in Xcode 12 or above. Follow the steps below to consume the AWS SDK for iOS using XCFrameworks:
```

> 1. Install the Carthage directly from source, support for XCode 12+ is not fully released in [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#installing-carthage). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Carthage 0.37.0 or greater. (Carthage does not expect to support [XCFramework support until 0.37.0](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.36.1).) If it is not yet available, [install Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#installing-carthage) directly from source.
```

2. Add the following to your `Cartfile`:

        github "aws-amplify/aws-sdk-ios"

3. Then run the following command:
    
        $ carthage update --use-xcframeworks

4. On your application targets’ General settings tab, in the Embedded Binaries section, drag and drop each xcframework you want to use from the Carthage/Build folder on disk.

> Building platform-specific framework bundles (Xcode 11 and below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Frameworks with "fat libraries" (not recommended)

To build platform-specific framework bundles with multiple architectures in the binary, (Xcode 11 and below)
```

### Frameworks

#### XCFramework setup

> Starting AWS SDK iOS version 2.22.1, frameworks are released as XCFramework. Following the steps below to instal XCFramework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting AWS SDK iOS version 2.22.1, SDK binaries are released as XCFrameworks. Follow the steps below to install XCFramework.
```

1. Download the [latest SDK](https://sdk-for-ios.amazonwebservices.com/latest/aws-ios-sdk.zip). Older SDK versions can be downloaded from `https://sdk-for-ios.amazonwebservices.com/aws-ios-sdk-#.#.#.zip`, where `#.#.#` represents the version number. So for version 2.22.1, the download link is [https://sdk-for-ios.amazonwebservices.com/aws-ios-sdk-2.22.1.zip](https://sdk-for-ios.amazonwebservices.com/aws-ios-sdk-2.22.1.zip).

> > Note: If you are using version < 2.22.1 please refer to the section below where frameworks are added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you are using version < 2.22.1 please refer to the "Legacy framework setup" section below.
```

> 4. On your application targets’ General settings tab, in the Embedded Binaries section, drag and drop each xcframework you want to use from the downloaded folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Uncompress the ZIP file
3. On your application targets’ General settings tab, in the Embedded Binaries section, drag and drop each xcframework you want to use from the downloaded folder.
```

Also, will individual SDK ZIPs come when we do SPM support or is that something we need to document now?

Author: It is part of SPM, we can add it later.

#### Legacy framework setup

1. Download the required SDK using `https://sdk-for-ios.amazonwebservices.com/aws-ios-sdk-#.#.#.zip`, where `#.#.#` represents the version number. So for version 2.10.2, the download link is [https://sdk-for-ios.amazonwebservices.com/aws-ios-sdk-2.10.2.zip](https://sdk-for-ios.amazonwebservices.com/aws-ios-sdk-2.10.2.zip).

> > Note: If you are using version > 2.22.0 please refer to the section above where xcframeworks are added. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you are using version > 2.22.0 please refer to the "XCFramework setup" section above. 
```

### Frameworks

> 1. In Xcode's **Project Navigator**, type "AWS" to find the AWS frameworks that were manually added to your project.  Manually select all of the AWS frameworks and hit **delete** on your keyboard. Then select **Move to Trash**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Xcode's **Project Navigator**, type "AWS" to find the AWS Frameworks or XCFrameworks that you manually added to your project. Select all of the AWS Frameworks and hit **Delete** on your keyboard. Then select **Move to Trash**. 
```
